Document sensor_error_action for generic thermostat (#44482)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/generic_thermostat.markdown

  description: Set a keep-alive interval. If set, the switch specified in the *heater* option will be triggered every time the interval elapses. Use with heaters and A/C units that shut off if they don't receive a signal from their remote for a while. Use also with switches that might lose state. The keep-alive call is done with the current valid climate integration state (either on or off).
  required: false
  type: [time, integer]
sensor_error_action:

>   description: Set what action to take when the temperature sensor is unavailable, unknown, or has an invalid value. Use `keep` to keep the current behavior, `force_off` to force the output off, or `force_on` to force the output on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: Set what action to take when the temperature sensor is unavailable, unknown, or has an invalid value. Accepted values are `keep` (maintain the current output state), `force_off` (switch the output off), and `force_on` (switch the output on).
```

Author: Here I used the wording "behaves as if" because it is a more precise description of what happens. The "force" actions might sound stronger than they actually are. In practice, to respect cycle-time limits, they indicate heating demand or the lack thereof.

Reviewer: ah, I see. That makes it clearer.

Currently the `generic_thermostat` climate platform supports 'heat', 'cool' and 'off' HVAC modes. You can force your `generic_thermostat` to avoid starting by setting HVAC mode to 'off'.

> If the temperature sensor becomes unavailable, unknown, or reports an invalid value, `current_temperature` is set to unavailable. You can choose how the thermostat should behave in that situation with `sensor_error_action` (`keep`, `force_off`, or `force_on`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the temperature sensor becomes unavailable, unknown, or reports an invalid value, `current_temperature` is set to unavailable. You can control how the thermostat behaves in that situation using `sensor_error_action`. The `force_on` and `force_off` actions still respect `keep_alive`, `min_cycle_duration`, and `max_cycle_duration`, so your timing and safety rules remain active even during a sensor outage.
```
Tiny tweak to add more context. Would this be correct?

Author: All of the actions respect these timings, updated accordingly.

Currently the `generic_thermostat` climate platform supports 'heat', 'cool' and 'off' HVAC modes. You can force your `generic_thermostat` to avoid starting by setting HVAC mode to 'off'.

> 

Reviewer: What about the entity state attributes?

The thermostat exposes two state attributes you can use in automations and templates:

- `sensor_error`: set to `true` when the temperature sensor is unavailable, unknown, or reports an invalid value; `false` otherwise.
- `sensor_error_action`: reflects the currently configured `sensor_error_action` value.

Author: Thank you! Added those.
